DOCSP-16500-add-snippets-feature (#166)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-shell: source/snippets/registries-config.txt

.. _snip-registry-config:

How to Configure a Registry
---------------------------

To use a private registry or multiple registries: 

- :ref:`snip-define-a-registry`.
- Create a :ref:`registry index file <snip-make-a-registry-index>`.
- Update ``snippetIndexSourceURLs`` to contain a link to your registry
  index file.
- Update ``snippetRegistryURL`` to point to your registry host
  (optional).

.. _snip-define-a-registry:

Define a New Registry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The `npm public registry <https://registry.npmjs.org/>`__ hosts the
MongoDB snippets community registry. You can use npm to host your own
public or private registry as well. 

.. include:: /includes/steps/define-a-new-registry.rst

.. _snip-multiple-urls:

Connecting to Registries
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can use a private registry in addition to, or instead of, the
community MongoDB registry. 

``snippetIndexSourceURLs`` ia a list of URLs. Each URL defines a path
to an index file that contains metadata for the snippets in that
registry. 

Configure an additional registry by adding a URL to
``snippetIndexSourceURLs``. 

.. code-block:: shell

   config.set('snippetIndexSourceURLs', 

>      'https://github.com/YOUR_COMPANY/PATH_TO_YOUR_REPOSITORY/index.bson.br;https://compass.mongodb.com/mongosh/snippets-index.bson.br'

Reviewer: (and one more:)

```suggestion
     'https://github.com/YOUR_COMPANY/PATH_TO_YOUR_REPOSITORY/index.bson.br;' + config.get('snippetIndexSourceURLs')
```

Author: Done
